fix(core/date-picker): reflect undefined values in event signature (#1742)
siemens/ix: .changeset/shy-jars-attack.md

---
'@siemens/ix': major
---

> Adapt the `value` and the `valueChange` event on the `ìx-date-input` to reflect the `dateSelect` changes on the `date-picker`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ìx-date-input`: Adapt the `value` property and the `valueChange` event to reflect the changed signature of the `date-picker`'s `dateSelect` event.
```
